c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.dll.config
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.pdb
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.dll
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.pdb
c:\users\sannidha\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sannidha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\Users\Sannidha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Sannidha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.Rating.resources
C:\Users\Sannidha\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.DataAnnotations.resources
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.dll.config
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.pdb
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.Rating.resources
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.DataAnnotations.resources
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.dll
C:\Users\shaik\Desktop\DOTNET\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.pdb
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.dll.config
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.pdb
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Owin.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\WebGrease.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.Initial.resources
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.Rating.resources
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.DataAnnotations.resources
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.dll
O:\Docs\DotNet\linqquery\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.pdb
